Astro CLI 1.2 docs (#855)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.26/version-compatibility-reference.md

| Astronomer Platform | Kubernetes                   |  Postgres | Python                                    | Astro CLI | Astronomer Certified / Runtime | Helm|
| ------------------- | ---------------------------- |  -------- | ----------------------------------------- | -------------- | -------------------- |---|
| v0.25               | 1.17, 1.18, 1.19, 1.20, 1.21 | 9.6+     | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9 (_requires AC 2.2.0+_) | 0.25.x         | All Certified versions                  |3.6|
| v0.26               | 1.17, 1.18, 1.19, 1.20, 1.21 |  9.6+     | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9 (_requires AC 2.2.0+_) | 0.26.x         | All Certified versions                  |3.6|
| v0.27               | 1.18, 1.19, 1.20, 1.21       | 9.6+     | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9 (_requires AC 2.2.0+_) | 0.27.x         | All Certified versions                  |3.6|
| v0.28               | 1.19, 1.20, 1.21             |  9.6+     | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9 (_requires AC 2.2.0+_) | 1.x        | All Certified versions                  |3.6|
| v0.29               | 1.19, 1.20, 1.21, 1.22        | 9.6+     | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9 (_requires AC 2.2.0+_) | 1.x         | All Certified and Runtime versions    | 3.6|

> For more detail on changes between Software versions, refer to [Astronomer Software Release Notes](release-notes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detail on changes between Software versions, see [Astronomer Software Release Notes](release-notes.md).
```
